Add a scope cache warning for refreshFor (#621)
JosephSilber/bouncer: readme.md

Bouncer::refreshFor($user);
```

> > **Warning** This will only refresh the cache for the user in the current scope's context. It will not refresh the cache for the user for other scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: When using [multi-tenancy scopes](#multi-tenancy), this will only refresh the cache for the user in the current scope's context. To clear cached data for the same user in a different scope context, it must be called from within that scope.
```
